docs: add "register a snap" how-to (#5360)
canonical/snapcraft: docs/how-to/publish/register-a-snap.rst

.. _how-to-register-a-snap:

Register a snap
===============

Before you can release your snap on the Snap Store, it must first be registered with
a well-formed name.

Log in to the Snap Store
------------------------

Before registering a snap, you must first log in to your developer account. If you don't
already have an account, create one `here <https://login.ubuntu.com/>`_.

To log in to your account from the terminal, run:

.. code-block:: bash

    snapcraft login

This will prompt you to enter your Ubuntu One e-mail, password, and, if applicable, your
two-factor authentication code.

> Name your snap

Author: I only included the naming practices from the old docs, but I think this section would be better if it included a more definitive list of snap naming guidelines. If anyone has any input or even just a resource where I could find this info, it would be greatly appreciated.

Reviewer: These aren't guidelines but here are the limitations: https://github.com/canonical/snapcraft/blob/ca3adf08e1096767aa05a837fb8c54bdbc91cd60/snapcraft/models/project.py#L223

Reviewer 2: The updated extension-ready docstring will read:

> It must start with an ASCII character and can only contain letters in lower case, numbers, and hyphens, and it can’t start or end with a hyphen.  The maximum length is 40 characters.

--------------

When deciding on a name for your snap, it's important to follow the best naming

> practices, as a snap's name is unique and cannot be changed after registration.

Reviewer 2: Consider:

```suggestion
practices, as a snap's name is universally unique among all public and private snap stores and can't be changed after registration.
```

Author: https://github.com/canonical/snapcraft/pull/5360/commits/ff87e55f99cf6ac8a2b0be45aa4cbec302d35c80

The name you register should:

* accurately represent your application
* consist of lowercase letters

> * be free of prefixes or suffixes (e.g., "username-" or "-snap").

Reviewer 2: @mr-cal Does this jive with how we're currently doing it on the store and for sources? We exert a pattern where user forks are `<username>-<snap-name>`. The store team recently let me register `ukuzama-curl`.

Reviewer: From [this section](https://snapcraft.io/docs/registering-your-app-name#p-31389-creating-an-unofficial-fork-of-a-snap), I think the guidance for snaps is that forks should have a `-<username>` suffix.  The store normally doesn't require approval of snap names, so there's no enforcement on this.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, excellent point. Perhaps we were too hasty in cutting.

@jahn-junior Can you add this section back in? It's important and current.

Author: https://github.com/canonical/snapcraft/pull/5360/commits/ff87e55f99cf6ac8a2b0be45aa4cbec302d35c80

I added the content to the "Name your snap" section. Let me know if you think it would fit better in its own section.

Reviewer 2: Looks great, thanks!

> Lastly, ensure that the value of the ``name`` key in your snap's project file matches

Reviewer: It could be worth mentioning that there is an optional `title` key, if your app contains characters that aren't allowed in the `name`.  The first snap I found on the store that is a good example is https://snapcraft.io/superproductivity, the `name` is "superproductivity" but the `title` is "Super Productivity" .

Reviewer 2: Let's make sure to say that `title` is "human-friendly".

Author: https://github.com/canonical/snapcraft/pull/5360/commits/ff87e55f99cf6ac8a2b0be45aa4cbec302d35c80

The example might not be necessary. I'll cut it out if we think the text is self-explanatory enough.
